[theme song]
[upbeat music]
[The bus door slams shut]
[The bird is chirping]
[pop]
(Passenger 1) What is this? [Passengers start to stir]
[uneasy music]
[tire screeching noise]
[Passengers scream]
[tire screeching] [passengers screaming]
[Minhyuk's embarrassed groan]
[Passenger 2's scream]
[urgent music]
[Passengers scream]
(Passenger 3) Hey, what should I do? What should I do?
[Bus horn]
[tire screeching] [passengers screaming]
[Passengers groan in surprise]
[Car horn] [Tire screeching]
[Bus horn]
[Passengers scream]
[Woman 1's scream]
[The bus horn blares repeatedly]
[Bus horn]
[The bird is chirping]
[Painful groans from passengers]
[Minhyuk's rough breathing]
[Mysterious Music]
[Minhyuk's heavy breathing]
[Mysterious sound effect]
[cell phone vibrating]
[stifled groan]
[in an annoyed voice] Oh, I could see your face.
[sigh]
(Minhyuk) Oh my [cell phone vibrates]
[clears throat]
Yes, this is Ainsoft's Minhyuk Ahn
(Threatener) [in a distorted voice] I would have warned you.
The 'Albertan Chronicle' is now to be abolished.
(Blackmailer) If you don't, you'll die.
[uneasy music] Hey, you little shit
Do you know what time it is now?
No, threats are only effective if they are made while the person is asleep.
You have to be in your right mind to be scared of this kind of thing
Ah, it's so frustrating, really, ah
(Blackmailer) Don't be too surprised by what happens next.
Because you brought it upon yourself
Ainsoft is going to fail. I made it happen...
[Throws the phone down]
[Siren sound effect]
Hey, man, what kind of kid is this?
[The bird chirps] [Blows breath]
[lively music]
[cell phone vibrating]
[Bong-soon's sigh] [Gunshot sound effect]
I know, I know, it fell
[Flips the phone over]
[Bongsoon's sigh]
[scroll down the mouse wheel]
[mouse click sound]
Dude, this resume, f*ck [clicks his tongue]
[Tapping the keyboard]
(Bong-soon) My name is Do Bong-soon [Elegant music]
Dobong-soon living in Dobong-dong, Dobong-gu
(Bong-soon) If you ask me
I'm a bit
It's very special
(Bong-soon) Isn't it?
[Mysterious sound effect]
(Bong-soon) I have a secret
Different from others
I am strong, and a lot of it.
[Soldiers' shout] The progenitor of this secret gene
The number of stones carried by a skirt during the Battle of Haengju is greater than the number of stones carried by a skirt during the Battle of Haengju.
The number of enemies knocked down with stones was greater
My ancestor is Park Gaebun
[Mysterious sound effect] (Bong-soon) This incredible strength is inherited through maternal lineage.
A huge secret
It's hidden
[Urgent Music] It was the Jinju Rebellion of 1862.
My grandmother named Jo Sang-ga-uk-bang
Using this great power, he sided with the government forces and harmed innocent people.
As I satisfied my own selfish desires, my super strength disappeared overnight.
He spent his last years in great loneliness due to leprosy.
(Bong-soon) After that, my ancestors, women
If you use this great power for unrighteous things,
Eventually, a jinx was created that would have you pay the price.
but
"Capacity machine"
(Bong-soon) I used to ignore that jinx
My mother, Mrs. Hwang Jin-i
The problem was the stained greed and foolishness [The spirit of a weightlifter]
[Tap your hand]
[magnificent music] [people cheering]
(Bong-soon) There was no problem until he used his power to promote national prestige.
but
[Funny music]
(Jin) Thank you
[Students' groans of pain]
[Students groan]
(Jin) Bring it, bring it
You jump
[Coins jingle in pockets] [Student groans in pain]
(Jin) Kneel down, you punk.
Why don't you kneel, why don't you kneel, why don't you kneel?
[Jin-i's strong spirit]
(Jin) Oh my
[Jin's rough breathing]
[sound effect of losing strength]
[exhales heavily]
[takes a breath in surprise] (Bong-soon) If you put effort into something that is not righteous,
It was true that there was a price to pay
[Jin-i sobs]
(Bong-soon) Do-chil-gu, a promising Greco-Roman wrestler
One day, weightlifter Hwang Jin-i suddenly lost her strength. [The Spirit of Chil-gu]
(Chilgu) Hey, why is your face like that?
(Jin) What's okay?
(Cheol-gu) Hey, hey, hey, hey, wait a minute...
[Soft music] (Bong-soon) That's how I ended up having an accident that day.
[Jin's scream]
(Jin) What are you doing, you little punk?
[Funny music] [Powerful moans]
(Doctor) Yes, a little more [Jin-i's scream]
(Doctor) Among the twins, she is the princess first.
The servant girl hasn't come out yet?
(Nurse) Look at this. The baby is making a fist.
[Medical gloves fly off] [People groan in surprise]
(Nurse) What?
[Baby Bongsoon's laughter]
[Doctor's scream] [Humorous sound effects]
[The doctor falls down]
[Baby Bong-soon's Cry] (Bong-soon) That's how I, Do Bong-soon, came into the world.
[Rhythmic music]
(Bong-soon) There were more than a few times when I suffered while hiding my power.
(Bong-soon) [sighing] Even after seeing those hands
The me inside me that has to pass by
I endured 27 years of fighting with another me.
(Bong-soon) I endured what I could, even if it was cowardly.
[Subway Announcement Voice] The safety door opens
(Bong-soon) I don't want to become a spectacle to the world.
I had to live hiding my great strength [Bong-soon's sigh]
[Noisy] (Bong-soon) In case of intentional accident or suicide within 2 years
Death benefits may be limited...
No, I'm not saying you have to do that.
(Bong-soon) There is nothing I haven't done since I graduated from high school.
Oh my, our prince looks so handsome.
[in an annoyed voice] It's a woman.
[Bong-soon's awkward laugh]
[The cow cries] (Bong-soon) Even the farmer tried it
(Jin) After 10 years, only farmers will survive
Because the oil runs out and it becomes impossible to move.
Then we will become self-sufficient like in the primitive era.
Bongsoon, what are you going to do with all your strength?
I have to farm, farm
(Jin) Do you know how good a farmer is?
(Bong-soon) Huh, huh? [Bong-soon's scream]
(Bong-soon) When Bong-gi entered the medical school
[Bong-soon's moans of pain] When her uncle started earning money through farming
My mother insisted that we close down the walnut shop and move into farming.
First, I am a special envoy
[Mysterious sound effect] Sent to uncle's house
[ding sound effect] [upbeat music]
[The goat's urgent cry]
(Woman 2) Hey, what's that? [Woman 2 screams]
(Woman 2) Grandma, over there
[upbeat music]
(Bong-soon) Farming was such a failure
And by chance I found a job that suited my aptitude.
In reality, I have to live hiding my power
Because I was able to meet another me here
My dream is to develop a game with myself as the main character.
Oh, yes [game sounds play]
(Bong-soon) This is it, ha
(Male 1) The success or failure of an RPG game is
Above all, we want to ensure that users can continue to enjoy it.
Not in the provision of content
(Man 1) That's exactly why the 'Albert Chronicles' succeeded.
Any catharsis you can feel
Constantly showing new worlds
(Man 1) It doesn't give you time to get bored.
The company president only comes to work twice a week.
The rest is just playing [upbeat music]
(Man 1) Isn't that an enviable life?
Good luck, students.
[Rhythmic music]
(Minhyuk) Oh my, sir
(Minhyuk) Hey!
Hey, Inma, aren't you standing there?
Hey, aren't you standing there?
If you get caught, you're screwed, dude.
[Slam the bathroom door]
[heavy breathing]
Oh, my [rough breathing]
I need to get a personal bodyguard.
Do some 'recruiting', right now
[Puts earphones down] [Sighs]
[bright music]
[bicycle horn]
[The bird is chirping]
(Bong-soon) And someday
An accident that seemed like it would explode has actually happened
[Rhythmic music plays]
Ta, ta!
oh!
[Car horn sound]
[Unbuckle the seat belt]
[Slam the car door shut]
(Driver) [angry voice] Sir!
(Driver) No one?
No, what kind of rotten bastard parked his car like this, huh?
No, this...
(Hyundong) What is it?
Are you the truck driver?
No, are you eating right now?
(Driver) No, what are we going to do if you block the road like this?
(Hyundong) [in a playful voice] This, this old man, this old man,
This is a road you can't go through
(Driver) No, where does this happen?
Isn't this your land too?
(Hyundong) Hey, old man, those are nice words. When you say that, go back.
There are times when I get beaten like a dog while talking nonsense.
[Tongue flicking]
[camera shutter sound] [funny music]
What are you doing, Mr. Lee?
(Driver) Hey, hey, hey, hey
Oh my, my phone
Even though this inspiration gave me a chance to become a human being
(Hyundong) I missed it, huh? [Driver's groan]
[Hyundong urges the driver] [The driver groans in pain]
(Hyundong) What, oh my, what, oh my, what? Oh my
to?
[Hyundong urges the driver] [The driver groans in pain]
[Click the bike stand up]
(Hyundong) Come here, come here quickly, quickly, quickly
(Hyundong) Hey, hey, hey, sleep, sleep
[The driver's labored groans]
[breathing]
[Cell phone operation sound]
[Call connection tone]
[sniffles]
[sigh]
Oh, yes, hello?
Oh, I'd like to report this.
Ah, this is Dobong-dong... Huh, huh?
[Cell phone operation sound] Oh, what is it? Please.
(Liberation) Oh my
(Liberation) What kind of women post pictures of themselves eating like this?
reel?
Boyfriend?
Why are you looking at other people's phones? Just give it to me quickly.
But did this bitch eat the cowardly bitch?
Where did you report it?
(Liberation) To really fall behind, Mr. Lee
Oh, you're a model citizen, huh?
Huh? Okay, shit
Then I'm a model thug [clicks tongue]
No, the old men are the first to take care of the weak grandfather.
You just hit me and stuff, right?
Are you a party?
Are you the one who got hit? Sure
Oh my, you look so skinny, bro.
(Liberation) [Bong-soon's surprised groan]
(Bongsoon) Oh my, sir
Huh? Oh, it's broken, oh no.
[sharp sound effects] [tensing music]
[breathing]
Sir, please ask me this
(Liberation) Oh, sir
(Bong-soon) Oh, this is a 3-year contract. [The kids are whining]
You've only used it for 3 months?
Sir, this is really the last thing I'm asking you to do.
[sighing] Ask me this
Oh my, these days
How can you be so fearless, huh?
[Bong-soon's sigh] (Liberation) I'll make a rag out of it
Should I hang it on the clothesline at your house?
(Liberation) Oh, just take this and make it small.
- (Gwangbok) There's nowhere to hit. - (Minhyuk) What?
(Liberation) It won't even be enough for a fistful, oh, shit
[Bongsoon's short groan] [Gwangbok's irritated breathing]
(Bong-soon) Don't hit me.
(Minhyuk) What are the police doing?
This is why I don't like the police.
(Bong-soon) [in an angry voice] Don't hit me.
(Child 1) What should I do with my older sister?
(Gwangbok) How can your face be like this? Is your face like a CD?
Ouch, I have to close my eyes
(Liberation) Close your eyes, close your eyes, dammit
[Bongsoon's moans] (Liberation) Close your eyes
[sigh]
Yes, hello?
Hey, this is...
This is the Dobong-dong redevelopment site [Hyeon-dong sneers]
We need to have one police car and one riot squad car, right?
Hey, there are a lot of people
(Minhyuk) A woman and an old man are being threatened by gangsters.
(Bong-soon) Even if I can't use my strength again
[Screen highlight sound effect] Even if the compatibility mama spreads all over the body
I am [Laughter of Liberation] today
(Bong-soon) I can't just pass this kid by [Screen highlight sound effect]
[Bong-soon's powerful moans]
[Hit the liberation flag]
What the hell are the police doing? [upbeat music]
[Children's surprised exclamations]
- (Member 1) Brother, brother! - (Member 2) Are you okay?
(Member 1) Fish oil, Mr.
[Corporation member 1's spirit] [Corporation members' screams]
[bones crunching]
[Painful groans of the organization members]
(Bong-soon) Mr. Lee
[Strange sound effect] [Scream of member 1]
(Minhyuk) What?
[Surprised gasp from member 2]
[Moans from member 2]
(Bong-soon) Wow, sir
[Reproaching myself] Ah...
[Painful groans of the organization members]
Hey, what's this? What, what, what is this?
(Hyundong) Your Majesty! Your Majesty!
Sir, please give me this cell phone.
- (Hyundong) What are you? - (Gwangbok) I'm really angry.
(Liberation) Don't be a dog!
(Bong-soon) No, sir, if you live in society, you would know.
[The urgent scream of liberation] This is a cell phone, all the phone numbers are in here.
(Bong-soon) If it goes on like this, how much...
- (Gwangbok) Get behind! Get behind... - I can't accept it, if it goes on like this
(Gwangbok) That's crazy
Oh, isn't this totally crazy? This is
(Bong-soon) This is really...
[bones snap]
[Hyundong's scream] [Upbeat music]
[Children's surprised exclamations]
(Hyundong) Fold, fold, it blew!
(Bong-soon) Oh, I'm sorry [bones crunch]
[Hyundong's urgent groan]
(Hyundong) Don't hold me, don't hold me! [Bones crackle]
(Bong-soon) Oh my, what should I do?
[Bones crackle] [Hyundong screams]
[Hyundong's moans mixed with tears]
(Bong-soon) Oh, so why are you like that...
(Member 3) Oh, shit [Member 3 groans]
[Bizarre sound effect]
[Scream of member 3]
[Hyundong's groan] (Bongsoon) Huh?
[Bones crackle] [Hyundong groans in pain]
(Bong-soon) Oh, sir, please ask me this, the cell phone.
- (Hyundong) Hand, hand, hey! - (Bongsoon) Huh?
[Hyundong's scream] [Screen highlight sound effect]
[Hyundong's scream]
[embarrassed groan]
First time seeing this, what is it?
[Screen highlight sound effect]
[Scream of Liberation] [Ding sound effect]
[Funny sound effect]
[Crew member 4's strong voice] [Bong-soon's short scream]
[Member 4's powerful groan] (Member 4) Huh, huh, what is it?
[Scream of member 4] [Bones snap]
(Bong-soon) Oh, I'm sorry [Painful groan from member 4]
(Bong-soon) Huh?
[Moans from the organization members]
[Minhyuk's surprised gasp] (Child 1) Wow, that's really cool.
[scream]
seed...
(Child 1) Wow, we won! [Bong-soon's surprised groan]
[Children cheering]
[self-reproachful breathing]
[Crunch rubbing sound effect]
[Painful groans of the organization members]
- (Gwangbok) Here it is. - (Hyeondong) Yes?
- (Gwangbok) Here! - (Hyundong) Brother!
(Liberation) Here, here!
(Hyundong) My wrists are all folded [Liberation's urgent scream]
[The members of the organization are making a fuss]
[Children cheering]
Should I call 119?
[Screen highlight sound effect]
[Child 2's cheers] (Organization member 1) No, look at this, look at this
(Member 1) It's really unfair. We're the victims.
Can't you see this?
[The organization members keep protesting] (Organization member 2) Look at this.
You can tell right away [kids are playing]
[The members of the organization are making a fuss]
[Bong-soon's anxious moans]
[Bong-soon's worried breathing]
Oh, what should I do?
Guk-du will think it's strange, what should I say?
(Bong-soon) Oh my [a siren sounds in the distance]
[There is a commotion inside the police station]
[Deep breath]
[noisy]
[exhales urgently]
(Bong-soon) Oh my, sir.
[lively music] [Bongsoon mutters]
[Bong-soon clears her throat]
[Sniffs the breath]
Hey, Gukdu? [Minhyuk's empty laugh]
Hey Gukdu, it's been a while
Gukdu, you've had a hard time
(Minhyuk) Oh, why is he doing that?
[The police station is bustling]
(Gookdoo) Do Bong-soon!
[Surprised groans from the organization members]
(Member 2) [in a low voice] That guy, that guy, that guy, that guy
[The members of the organization are muttering]
[Sparkling sound effects] [Lovely music]
(Member 3) No, detective! You say kids can't lie?
[3rd member of the organization complains] Okay, name.
[Tapping the keyboard] (Guk-du) Do Bong-soon
Address: 1342 Dobong-dong, Dobong-gu
(Gukdu) So those people
They were occupying the middle of the road and blocking traffic.
[Funny music] (Gukdu) Then, driver Jeong Seon-ho
He asked me to move the car, but I refused and used force [camera shutter sound effect]
I am using my cell phone for the purpose of reporting the situation.
Do Bong Soon's cell phone... [Lovely music]
(National Head) Kim Gwang-bok appears and takes it away
There was a dispute while asking for responsibility.
[Funny Music] (Gukdu) Dobong-dong, Dobong-gu, Dobong-soon
Price of Kim Gwang-bok's face
[A gang member and a detective are arguing]
The face is sunken...
A popular picture of four teeth being lost...
(Member 4) It's not a joke. Just throw it and it will fly. If you throw it, it will fly.
(Guk-du) [letting out a strange sigh] On the other hand
[The organization members protest loudly] Hwang Hyeon-dong, who belatedly saw the damage to Kim Gwang-bok
(National Head) In the process of controlling the situation [sharp sound effect]
[Surprised groans from the organization members] (Guk-du) Five of Mr. Hwang's fingers
Fractured on the spot
(National Head) He sent Jin-Tae Oh and Yong-Cheol Yang flying over 30 meters.
Hit by a sand truck [sharp sound effect]
[Surprised groans from the organization members] Each suffered injuries that resulted in fractures to the legs and neck.
(Gukdu) Cha Youngnam, who came to take revenge on this
I bumped into Mr. Kim and fell over
Mr. Kim was blown over 10 meters and hit by a dump truck.
Does this make sense?
No, I mean, this is...
[in a small voice] Look, look.
First of all, under the current law, kindergarten students' statements have no legal effect.
And it is a statement that makes no sense in terms of legal sentiment or common sense.
(National Head) The problem is
The point is that it was a statement made by the driver.
(Gukdu) If this is true, then according to Article 750 of the Civil Act
This is an act of violence with intent and negligence, you will be punished.
Unless there is a statement from a witness who reported at the time...
(Minhyuk) Is that a martial arts novel or something you wrote as a report?
(Member 1) What is that?
(Minhyuk) Ah, our country's police are really a problem.
You write statements like that and get paid?
(Member 2) What is that?
I am the first reporter and witness [the organization members are in an uproar]
- (Member 1) What? - (Member 4) It wasn't there.
[radio reception sound]
(Minhyuk) Guys, you can't lie at the police station.
Are you saying that this girl really beat up all these guys, all by herself?
(Children) Yes!
(Member 3) That's what I said
(Member 2) Kids lie. Kids can't lie.
(Minhyuk) Bravo!
Did you guys see 'Avengers' at kindergarten today?
(Minhyuk) How on earth do they educate children in kindergarten?
In the name of audiovisual education
(Minhyuk) I'm just going to put on a movie on a fake day
I need to search and seize that kindergarten too.
Are you the first reporter?
Yeah, well, I'm a reporter and a witness and stuff.
(Minhyuk) Of course it's different from the driver's statement.
Because he was a victim and a party involved in the incident.
What, were you in your right mind? [The members of the organization stir]
What was the situation at that time?
Was it five minutes ago that the entire universe was in chaos?
[Funny music]
False statements by witnesses are not punishable.
If the victim files a civil suit, he or she must go to court.
If you do that, you will eventually be punished for perjury.
(Guk-du) Then how did those men get hurt like that?
(Member 2) Speak straight.
Look straight at me and talk. Look at me and talk.
(Minhyuk) Oh, these people?
They just fight among themselves
[The organization members protest]
(Team Leader Yuk) [Loudly] Quiet!
- (Nokboy) Sit down. - (Team Leader Yuk) Sit down!
(Nockboy) Sit down, sit down.
(Child 2) No, my older sister defeated all those men by herself.
[Funny music]
(Minhyuk) Guys
Can you read this?
Look, look, okay?
I don't have time to teach Korean, why?
Because I put on a movie on a fictional day
(Minhyuk) It's like this since kindergarten, the foundation of all education. Oh my.
(Team Leader Yuk) One girl is killing seven men.
He said he was knocked down without a weapon
This is nonsense from the start, this is
[The members of the organization protest loudly]
(Minhyuk) You say Hollywood ruins a lot of people?
Hey there, guys!
(Team Leader Yuk) What should I do for you guys today?
Should I just throw everything away after blackmailing you into self-harm? What should I do?
[The members of the organization protest loudly]
(Team Leader Yuk) Who the hell hit this guy? Huh?
Who broke this bridge like this?
(Team Leader Yuk) Who the hell is this guy? Hey, hey
Yeah, yeah, you cut it off, right?
[Funny sound effect]
(Team Leader Yuk) Hey, do it roughly, roughly
Anyway, if I report this incident to the above, I'll get fired.
(Team Leader Yuk) Hey, let's be honest and say that I got beaten up by a woman.
Yeah? Seven men are getting robbed of their radish.
(Team Leader Yuk) Does that mean that the bones are all there?
[The members of the organization protest loudly]
Since it didn't work out, I brought something that was kind of crappy
Aren't you going to do that if you take charge of the case?
Driver assault
He almost framed an innocent civilian for the crime.
(Gukdu) We need to investigate and arrest him.
There is also a related criminal record
[The members of the organization protest loudly]
(Nockboy) Sit down, sit down.
[Displeased groans from the organization members]
(Children) Sister, you're awesome! [Children are excited and chatting]
[Soft music]
[The members of the organization protest loudly]
[Children cheer for Bongsoon]
[Light sigh]
Is it good?
(Gukdu) If you don't want to get caught by those bad people,
Don't just play at home, go to work during the day, work, tsk
[The organization members complain]
[displeased sigh]
Representative!
[lively music]
[Police car siren blares]
(Secretary Gong) What on earth is going on that requires you to go to the police station...
(Minhyuk) Wow, I've seen all sorts of strange things in my life.
(Secretary Gong) Yes?
Hey, hey
[Minhyuk coughs in vain]
Don't you say 'thank you' to me or something?
Why did you lie? At the police station
[Funny music]
Oh, what is this?
(Minhyuk) I saved you from being arrested for assaulting someone, but this
It's not 'thank you' or 'sound', what is this?
Why did you stop me from doing that?
(Bong-soon) If you were born a man, live like a man.
While the woman was coming out, I just watched
A man should know shame.
(Minhyuk) What is that woman?
(Secretary Gong) It's quite unique, isn't it?
(Minhyuk) Hey, Mr.
So sexy
[Funny sound effect]
(Secretary Gong) Yes?
No [Secretary Gong's empty laughter]
[Lovely music]
[bicycle horn]
"Ainsoft"
(Minhyuk) It was more intense than any character I've ever seen, huh
(Secretary Gong) What do you mean?
(Minhyuk) Ah, that's that...
(Minhyuk) Ah, Team Leader Seo
This prototype DS was really good
(Team Leader Seo) Thank you, CEO. I will work hard.
(Minhyuk) Ah, work hard, 'squeeze'!
(Minhyuk) Ah, why, that... [snap his fingers]
It was really exciting, more than any other game
(Secretary Gong) Oh, so what is it?
(Minhyuk) Ah, that woman
[The bird is chirping]
[Soft music]
(Chilgu) Enjoy your meal
(Together) goodbye
- (Guest) Hello. - (Jin) Oh, yes, thank you.
- Goodbye - (Guest) Yes
[Jin-i taps the table]
(Hosun) Are you here?
[Soft music plays] Did you sell a lot?
[The safe opens with a bang]
[Slam the safe shut]
Is that all?
If you search your pockets, you get ten per sheet?
(Jin) Okay, you should have done that a long time ago.
Oh man, let's stop living so petty, okay?
You son of a bitch!
I will try
Give me a cup of coffee
[Jin-i's labored groans]
(Bongsoon) I'm back
(Jin) [in an angry voice] Why are you here now?
No, well, something like that happened
(Jin) What are you doing? You're just eating and playing?
Did you go to the PC room again?
(Jin) I can't raise my head because I'm being treated badly by Myeongsu's mom.
Oh my, really, what should I do?
Even in an era where there are 3 million unemployed young people,
My daughter is one of those 3 million people, oh my
(Jin) Oh my, really
Hey, you should just get married, okay?
Grab a rich, crazy guy, okay?
[in a weak voice] Can I get some water...
[The police station is bustling]
- (Team Leader Yuk) Hey, it's Inspector In. - Yes.
(Team Leader Yuk) You and that Avengers girl earlier
How do you know each other?
Oh, we were classmates from elementary, middle, and high school.
(Team Leader Yuk) Oh, right, are you there? You're from Dobong-dong.
(Nockboy) Hey, this
No, that witness from earlier
I checked your identity and you are the CEO of Ainsoft?
(Team Leader Yuk) What kind of company does Ainsoft do?
(Nockboy) Hey, don't you know Ainsoft?
That's the company that made the 'Albert Chronicles' game.
(Nokboy) The CEO of this company is Ahn Minhyuk.
He is the son of the chairman of the Osung Group, An Chul-do.
Somehow that bastard
Hey, hey, you're being cheeky, huh? Hey, hey
(Team Leader Yuk) Hey, by the way, where are Kim Gwang-bok and Hwang Hyeon-dong?
(Team Leader Yuk) Are you still there? At the hospital?
yes
[Funny music]
(Hyundong) Hey, guys, have you seen or not seen that girl?
[Gwangbok mutters]
(Hyundong) Oh, I'm really so embarrassed
(Member 1) Brother, this isn't a joke, is it?
Of all the people I've ever dated, he was really the strongest.
[Hyundong's displeased groan] (Member 1) Oh, I'm sorry, I'm sorry.
Hey, what's her name?
(Together) Do Bong Soon!
(Liberation) [In an angry voice] Do Bong-soon!
[train horn sound effect]
(Liberation) Do Bong Soon!
- (Hyundong) Hey, brother - (Gwangbok) Dobongsoon!
[Funny sound effect] [Train horn sound effect]
(Professor Shin) Okay, look at this fracture condition.
Hey, this is the first fracture I've seen in my 15 years as an orthopedic specialist.
The bones were all soaked in one go and then restored to their original state.
(Professor Shin) Oh, this is really [humorous music]
It's impossible unless you have supernatural powers.
[Tapping the keyboard] Okay, look at this arm.
(Professor Shin) This arm bone has completely returned to its original state.
This physical force is being applied at the conference now
About the dynamic relationship between bones and muscles
(Professor Shin) Are you saying that there are opinions that we need to study it again?
This could be a truly revolutionary study, 'Revolution'
(Resident 1) By the way, this patient is a one-punch-for-all.
Professor Shin, how should I understand this?
(Resident 2) The woman kept crying and insisting that she was made like this.
Should I treat it in conjunction with a psychiatrist?
(Professor Shin) Psychiatry? Let's call Dr. Kim too, okay?
[Car engine revving] [Urgent music]
[Cry of a young rebel]
[Young Bonggi pees profusely]
(Young Bong-soon) Sir, my little sister is peeing.
(Kidnapper) Hey, shit, you're making the sheets dirty!
Please stop the car [Cry of a young rebel]
Be quiet! [The children's crying subsides]
Uprising
[sobbing] Don't cry
(Kidnapper) You guys, you want to go back to mom and dad, right?
Then be quiet
If you cry, there is something
[Creepy sound effect] This guy
Oh, you're just about to get angry? [Crying of a young rebel]
(Young Bong-soon) Sir, my little sister is crying. Please stop the car.
(Kidnapper) Cry one more time, pee one more time, and you will die by my hand.
[Young Bong-soon's breathing] [Screen focus sound effect]
[tire screeching noise]
(Kidnapper) [slamming the car door] Hey, you guys!
[Children's desperate screams]
(kidnapper) Come here [children screaming]
- (Kidnapper) This kid - (Young Bong-soon) No!
[Kidnapper's Painful Moans]
[breathing heavily] [groaning]
[kidnapper's indignant breathing]
[tire screeching noise]
[Car engine acceleration sound]
[Children's urgent breathing]
[Young Bonggi cries]
[Young Bong-soon's desperate breathing]
[Car engine acceleration sound]
[mournful breathing]
[magnificent sound effect]
[Mysterious Music]
Did you completely ruin it?
(Bong-soon) Oh, those kids started complaining first.
Just open your mouth to your mom.
Pop, pop, pop
(Bongsoon) Sir, tsk
No, but by the way, will you be okay tomorrow morning?
There's that curse
(Bong-gi) When I was young, that incident didn't matter because I was a bad guy.
- But this time... - (Bong-soon) Okay.
Those guys were bad guys too
Hey, you, study.
[sigh]
[gentle music]
[The bird is chirping]
[takes a surprised breath]
uh!
[takes a surprised breath] Huh?
[Bong-soon's displeased groan]
to?
oh?
[lively music] [sigh of relief]
Oh, shit... Oh, thank goodness
[strange sound effect]
[Bong-soon's joyful cheers]
(Bong-soon) I'm fine [Bong-soon's joyful cheer]
[heavy breathing]
[exhales heavily]
[exhales deeply]
[tensing music]
[Elevator arrival sound] [Rhythmic music]
(Minhyuk) Good morning, guys.
good morning
"Chairman's Office"
'Judo 4th degree, Hapkido 5th degree, Taekwondo 6th degree certified'
'2014 Pan Korea Jiu-Jitsu Championship Runner-up'
(Minhyuk) 'Blue House Security Service 3-Way Key Work'
[Screen highlight sound effect]
[Rhythmic music]
[Slams the file shut]
That woman
Hey, I know that girl. The girl I saw at the police station.
(Minhyuk) Yeah, that woman
The girl you're thinking about right now, huh?
(Secretary Gong) It's nothing else...
(National) Police officers are subject to Article 60 of the National Civil Service Act.
'Whether during employment or after retirement'
'You must keep confidential any information you acquire in the course of your duties'
[Smiling awkwardly] No, that's right...
(National Head) Go back. Personal information should never be disclosed.
(Secretary Gong) Personal information will never be leaked.
No, that cop in charge was really tough.
(Minhyuk) What's that police officer's name?
(Secretary Gong) Oh, yes, In-guk-doo.
In-Guk-Doo?
[upbeat music]
[The doorbell rings]
(Man 2) The door is open, come in.
[The door clicks open and closes] [Approaching footsteps]
(Man 2) Hey, do you have any medicine?
Oh, yeah, you heard my taste? [Man 2 laughs]
Give it a try [enchanting music plays]
(Man 2) Hey, stop it!
stop!
(Man 2) What is this?
[Man 2's groan of pain]
(Gukdu) [in a feminine voice] You have the right to remain silent.
(Man 2) What?
[in original voice] You can also appoint a lawyer
(Man 2) Hey, are you a police officer?
You little shit, do you have a warrant?
(National Head) I plan to apply for a warrant within 24 hours of arrest.
[Man 2's scream] (Guk-du) There is a concern about running away
I will arrest you first.
- Hey, you little punk, are you a guy? - (Guk-doo) Yes.
(Man 2) [Loudly] You know who I am!
[banging on the table] Sir, do I need to know that?
Oh my, Mr. Lee [Man 2's painful groan]
(National) civil servants
According to Article 61 of the National Civil Service Act
'Regardless of whether directly or indirectly related to the job'
'Cases, gifts or entertainment should not be investigated'
It says so explicitly
(Gukdu) No, I did it because they told me to conduct an investigation without sanctuary.
I caught him and he's a member of the National Assembly. Is that my fault?
(Police Officer 1) Hey, Inspector In, do something about it.
If you keep doing this, you'll just disappear in one room without anyone knowing.
[hitting the desk] Come on, give it a try!
Oh, sir, I'm sorry.
yes!
(Chief of Police) What the heck, there are such idiots?
There's chaos at the top right now.
Hey, this guy's a little bit spicy
He was a famous loser when he was in police academy
I, that, that, that's what it was
Ha, that kid will suffocate to death on that smoke.
Send it to the traffic department! Mr.
No, that's, I, I have a lot of eyes to see, so that's a bit...
Then you guys are the ones with the worst performance
Just put it in!
[Rhythmic music flows out] (Nockboy) Look down, look down, I can't see
[Team Leader Yuk hums a song]
[Team Leader Yuk's satisfied smile]
(Team Leader Yuk) The answer is in the classics.
Let's start from the basics and work our way up, okay?
[Rhythmic music]
Hello, my name is In-Guk Doo and I have been assigned to the 3rd Violent Team starting today.
(Chief of Police) That kid is a complete idiot who doesn't make any sense.
Oh, my head hurts.
He's a really good cop.
what?
But what are you going to do with that woman's number?
Because you're my type
Oh, was that something you needed for the youth project?
Well, let me say this
Chairman Ahn, how are you?
Oh, yes, thanks
Thank you for helping my father in many ways throughout his life.
Ka, me too
[Putting the cup down] I'm so proud of you for being so successful without your father's help.
But, there is a limit to what you can do without a hundred.
[snickers]
[Eat the crunchy fruit] [TV sound flows out]
Should I just live my life doing hard work?
(Bong-soon) The hourly wage for day labor is different.
Well, that's not a bad thing, is it?
(Jin) Bongsoon, stop eating. Let Bonggi eat.
And I'm using my power wrong
You've just had the worst day ever, what are you talking about?
[Chilgu giggles]
I married this guy
(Chilgu) Oh, why?
(Bong-soon) Oh my... [cell phone vibrates]
hello?
Yes, I am Do Bong-soon. Who are you?
[Bongsoon sips her drink]
[lively music]
[takes a panicked breath]
[Secretary Gong coughs]
[Secretary Gong exhales]
(Secretary Gong) So, you are not doing anything special right now?
[Bong-soon coughs]
[In a sharp tone] I'm looking for a job, in technical terms. I'm not unemployed.
(Secretary Gong) [smiling awkwardly] Oh, yes.
No, well, anyway
That day, our CEO saw Do Bong-soon.
It was so impressive that I was able to make such a bold decision.
[Bongsoon clicks her tongue] [Puts her drink down]
Oh, that guy is really annoying to the end.
- (Secretary Gong) Yes? - No, if you have something to say
Why don't you come and do it yourself? Why are you having someone do it for you?
Even the man looks much older than me.
[Secretary Gong's awkward smile]
(Secretary Gong) Oh, you can just think of it as the first interview.
(Bong-soon) [smiling awkwardly] Yes
Huh, first interview?
(Secretary Gong) Yes
So, are you calling me that representative now?
Well, anyway, well, you're telling me to do personal security for that guy?
Oh, yes, we will offer you the best salary in the industry.
Sir, it's me
There's nothing I haven't done since I graduated from high school, right?
A scam company, a fucking company or
The company that really works hard is very fast
(Bong-soon) And, I think 'rather than using this body'
'I will live using my head'
(Bong-soon) Well, there is this kind of job outlook too.
I don't know why you are making this suggestion to me, but
(Bong-soon) And I
Do you have a specific industry and company in mind that you would like to work for?
Oh, I'm sorry, but may I ask what kind of industry you are in?
That's my private life, right?
I'm really sorry for refusing you after coming all the way here.
Then take a look
(Secretary Gong) Yes, annual salary 60 million [tire friction sound effect]
[tensing sound effect]
Plus Alpha [Cuckoo Crying Sound Effect]
[firecracker exploding sound effect]
[Funny music] (Bong-soon) Sir, by any chance
What, an entertainment establishment pretending to be a security guard?
Isn't that it? [Secretary Gong laughs]
(Bong-soon) Why on earth do you pay me so much?
What the hell do you know about me?
- Does that person like me? - (Secretary Gong) No, no.
Oh, come to think of it, how did you know my phone number?
[Taking a surprised breath] Am I stalking you?
(Secretary Gong) No, no, that's not it.
(Bong-soon) No, and, come to think of it,
Why don't you use male bodyguards?
Why do you have to use female bodyguards? That's the weirdest thing to me.
(Bong-soon) Oh my, when I think about it, it's really strange.
(Secretary Gong) No, no, listen for a minute, listen for a minute.
(Bong-soon) Ears? Oh my, why ears? Oh my, oh my, oh my
(Secretary Gong) The man... [Car noise]
Boy, does that really make sense?
(Bong-soon) No, what's the name of that company? What exactly is its name?
(Secretary Gong) Oh, it's Ainsoft.
[ding sound effect] [funny music]
yes?
Where are you?
Have you heard of Ainsoft?
Ainsof...
(Bongsoon) Sir
When can I meet you, sir?
[Secretary Gong's awkward breathing]
[laughs together]
[bright music]
[Myeongsu's mother laughs heartily]
- (Jaesun's mother) Oh my - (Myeongsu's mother) So
- (Jaesun's mother) Hello - (Chilgu) Coffee is here.
(Chilgu) Yes, hello
- (Chilgu) Enjoy your meal. - (Jaesun's mother) Thank you.
(Chilgu) I put sugar in it
(Myeongsu's mother) So, huh?
Call the district office and city hall
I do about ten cases a day.
(Myeongsu's mother) You're against redevelopment here, right?
(Jin) Hmm
Let's just get someone to cut their hair, okay? [Myeongsu mocks snorting]
Jaesoon's mom cut it
Hehe, really, shaving your head and fasting and stuff like that won't work
(Myeongsu's mother) I just called the civil servant in charge and the person in charge of redevelopment.
[Sound effect of a ball clinking] I guess it has to be Daidai, yeah
But actually, I am in favor of redevelopment.
(Jaesun's mother) That laundry alley
I can't go out after 10pm because I'm scared.
Yeah, we really need to figure out something quickly there.
These days, these neighborhood thugs are hired
I can't even tell you why I'm wandering around like this
Oh my, it's Gukdu's mom
[The doorbell rang]
[Sparkling sound effects] [Classy music]
(Chilgu) Oh, hello
- (Jin-i) I'm just unlucky. - (Myeong-su's mother) Look at that little girl.
[The artist greets] Yes, welcome.
(Myeongsu's mother) I'll let you go every day
Egg tarts, four, and pecan pie, two pieces, please.
[Jin-i imitates Mi-hwa] [Jae-sun imitates laughter]
(Chilgu) Oh, I... I read the novel well.
'Hormones in the corner of the room' [Chilgu's Laughter]
(Beauty) Oh, did you have fun?
Yes, I read it all in one day
(Chilgu) I've never done that in my entire life.
This is the first book I've read while quickly turning the pages.
(Chilgu) Just flowing smoothly...
[Mihwa and Chilgu's laughter]
(beautiful) Oh, right
A few days ago, our national bean
You met Bongsoon at the police station?
[tensing sound effect] Huh?
(Myeongsu's mother and Jaesun's mother) Police station?
[bright music]
yes
(Bong-soon) Okay...
(Jin) Bongsoon!
- (Jin) Bongsoon! - (Bongsoon) Let's eat.
(Jin) Come here
- (Bong-soon) Oh, why? - (Jin-i) You, you!
Why did you go to the police station, why did you go?
Mom, how did you know that?
How come I don't know that Guk-du works at the police station?
Where the hell are you going girl? Why are you going there, why are you going there!
(Bong-soon) No, well, it just happened that way.
(Jin) Hey, did you hit someone? Did you hit someone, did you hit someone?
No, Mom, what happened is...
Is he crazy?
Haven't you heard what your grandmother said?
(Jin-i) My grandmother, I beat up a guy at the market
I had diarrhea for a whole month and then I got hemorrhoids.
And me, look at me!
Mom, I'm fine
Actually, I've had that happen a lot up until now, right?
But am I okay?
what?
(Bong-soon) Mom, I think I'm a mutant.
[laugh]
And then I got a job
[Cheerful music] Now I'm going to use my talent
[Bongsoon's cheers]
(Uprising) Mom, Sister, I'm hungry
[in an affectionate tone] Hey, Bong-gi, are you hungry?
(Bong-gi) Why is this happening? [Bong-soon's cheerful exclamation]
[Bong-soon's scream] (Bong-soon) Oh, oh, I'm sorry, I'm sorry
Oh, are you okay? [Bonggi's groan]
(Bong-soon) I'm excited, sorry, okay? Let's go.
[Bong-gi's groans] (Bong-soon) Oh, let's go.
[Painful groans of uprising]
(Bongsoon) Yeah
Mom, liver
(Jin) First... [Jin coughs]
- (Jin-i) Hmm - (Chil-gu) Yeah
Let's eat well (together)
(Chilgu) Looks delicious
[cell phone vibrating]
(Jin) It tastes good...
- (Bong-gi) Hmm - (Jin-i) Hmm?
hello
(Gukdu) Oh, it's me
[Lovely music]
(Bong-soon) Yeah, I know
(Gukdu) I looked into the men who assaulted me at the redevelopment site today.
Those guys are really bad, so don't go out late at night.
And carry an electric shock device with you
I have a few basic ones, so I'll give them to you when I leave work.
(Bong-soon) Okay
- Hang up - Kookdooya
I think I'll get a job
(National Head) Cut [Sound effect of Kim Sae]
Um, sir... bad guy
Tsk
Open it, there's no way
[joyful gasp]
But I still like it so much [Bong-soon laughs]
[groans mixed with laughter]
[Bongsoon's scream]
[The startled groans of uprising]
(Jin) Oh, here we go again
(Chilgu) Shouldn't we add some seaweed powder? Seaweed powder
(Jin) Yeah, that's right
[A knock is heard]
yes
(Bong-soon) [smiling awkwardly] Hello
Oh, come in. [Puts the papers down]
(Minhyuk) Sit down, the ceiling won't collapse.
(Bong-soon) Yes
Did you bring your resume?
yes
Have you ever interviewed at our company?
(Bong-soon) Yes
(Minhyuk) What? You want to come to our company with this kind of experience?
You're brave
I applied because they said the company didn't look at academic background, age, or gender.
Brave, definitely brave
(Minhyuk) Dobong-dong, Dobong-gu, Dobong-sun
[Laughing] What, you moved to Dobong-dong to match your name?
So then, do arsonists only live in Banghwa-dong?
Does Yeonhee live in Yeonhee-dong?
Sorry, I thought it would be funny
- (Minhyuk) Old - (Bongsoon) Yes
[Slamming the file shut] Why did you want to join our company?
Because it's a good company
- Let's do our best - Yes
But it's a shame it's not the planning and development team, right?
- Yes - Um...
I have a question.
You look healthy and your limbs are intact, so why do you need bodyguards?
I have enemies all around me
Oh, don't get me wrong, I'm not a bad person.
Yes, of course
Oh, and incentive system or national pension
How does that work?
[laughs]
Differential treatment based on ability
I need to know how capable you are.
- Does your company have a cafeteria? - Yes.
What about menstrual leave?
[let out a sigh of relief]
There isn't any
Well, it's poor.
(Minhyuk) Bodyguards are on duty 24/7 due to the nature of their work.
Yeah, well, what
Is there 'stop motion'? [screen highlight sound effect]
[Crazy music] [Crazy sound effects]
What is 'stop motion'?
'Stop motion'
I don't know?
[Takes a shallow breath]
[in a whisper] Stock options, perhaps?
Oh, yeah, yeah, that's it.
[ridiculous laughter] [humorous music]
(Minhyuk) Ah...
Let's think about how to give stock options to security guards.
As expected, it's poor
(Bong-soon) Then, can I see the contract first?
(Minhyuk) Let's try arm wrestling together
yes?
It's an entrance exam that requires you to look at your ability to negotiate a salary.
Come on, hurry up
hurry
(Bong-soon) Hey, arm wrestling...
Hand it over
Pass it over
[Minhyuk's empty laughter]
[Minhyuk's powerful breathing] [Exciting music]
You can use this too
Oh, I really...
Who... [Minhyuk's powerful groan]
[Bongsoon's sigh]
[Minhyuk's scream]
[Min-hyeok's painful groan] (Bong-soon) Ah, I lost to a woman.
Don't be shy or angry
Because I'm a bit of a special case
And I'd like you to keep this a secret, please?
[Minhyuk lets out a breathless sigh]
[Minhyuk's awkward laugh]
[smiles slightly]
[Minhyuk's awkward breathing]
Yeah, Secretary Gong, come in with the contract.
[hangs up the receiver]
- Please sit down. - (Bong-soon) Yes.
[shaking sound effect] [Minhyuk's laughter]
[Minhyuk coughs in vain]
[smiles slightly]
[Safe opening sound effect]
[firecracker exploding sound effect] (Bong-soon) Wow, 60 million won?
[snickers]
[Bongsoon hands over the contract]
Oh, you can sign here
yes
[cute sound effects]
(Bong-soon) Then when can I start working?
(Minhyuk) Do you have any leg strength?
(Bong-soon) Yes?
You try cockfighting
[ridiculous laughter] [humorous music]
(Secretary Gong) No, with who? With this woman?
(Minhyuk) Uh
(Secretary Gong) Sir, why are you doing that?
I'm in the Marines, what?
Do you have a cockfight with a girl? It's not even a verbal fight.
(Minhyuk) Just try it once
Hey, sir, please don't do that.
(Minhyuk) Secretary Gong
If this person wins
I'll give you my car [screen highlight sound effect]
[Eerie music]
Player's entrance [ball ding sound effect]
[Secretary Gong takes a deep breath]
[Chicken crowing sound effect]
[Secretary Gong's awkward breathing]
ruler...
preparation
[Food rustling sound effect] (Bong-soon) Oh, wait a minute.
Can't we do it while wearing a helmet?
(Secretary Gong) What...
- What? - You might get a head injury.
[Secretary Gong's incredulous laughter] Wearing a helmet...
helmet
[Secretary Gong sighs]
Then let's order some Jjajangmyeon [intercom operation sound]
(Minhyuk) Oh, just order three Jajangmyeon.
[cheerful music] [puts the receiver down]
(Deliveryman) Yes, enjoy your meal.
Hey, can I have a helmet over there?
yes?
Can I have a helmet please?
(Minhyuk) Give it to me
(Deliveryman) Oh, my goodness, this...
kid...
Buy a better helmet and pay for Jjajangmyeon
- (Deliveryman) Enjoy your meal. - (Minhyuk) Yes, thank you for your hard work.
[The door slams shut]
(Secretary Gong) [laughing] No, kid.
Ah, hurry up before the Jjajangmyeon gets fried.
(Bong-soon) Hurry up [tragic music]
(Secretary Gong) Oh, really, I'm having a cockfight with a woman.
It's a disgrace to the family, a disgrace, really
(Secretary Gong) If I win, you'll really give me a car, right?
(Minhyuk) If you win, you take it right away.
Okay, when I say one, two, three, it'll stick, okay?
yes
[Screen highlight sound effect]
(Minhyuk) Hana [Secretary Gong takes a deep breath]
two
three!
[spirit]
[Oncoming jump]
[sad music]
[Mysterious sound effect]
[Funny sound effect]
[thud sound effect]
[Bongsoon's scream]
(Minhyuk) Hey, hey!
[Bong-soon's embarrassed groan]
(Minhyuk) Hey, you're not dead, are you?
(Bong-soon) Oh, wait a minute
[Bong-soon's urgent groans]
[Secretary Gong's groan]
Oh, thank you, I survived
[Secretary Gong's painful groans]
- (Secretary Gong) Oh, oh, it hurts. - (Bong-soon) Are you okay?
[Secretary Gong's groans of pain]
(Bong-soon) Oh, oh, where are you going? [Secretary Gong starts to cry]
[sigh of relief]
[Ambulance siren] [Secretary Gong's painful groans]
[Secretary Gong's painful groans]
- (Bong-soon) Hey... - Hey, are you okay?
- Yes? - Now that we've signed the contract, you can stop talking?
(Minhyuk) I can't just say 'Yes, I am' to my bodyguard, right?
Yeah, what
Say what you wanted to say
(Bong-soon) I would like to know more about my exact job.
(Minhyuk) Main job?
My main job is to protect me.
Perfect protection for my body and mind
I have a favor to ask...
What is it?
If I do a good job as your bodyguard,
Please let me join the planning and development team.
well
I've never seen that ability before
What I saw with my own eyes was not Do Bong-soon's planning and development ability.
That's my security skills
No, I'm asking for a chance.
Okay, I'll give you a chance.
(Minhyuk) Just watch out for me, okay?
yes
Organize this and go
(Minhyuk) Come to the secretary's office by 10 o'clock tomorrow.
- (Bong-soon) Yes - (Min-hyeok) Secretary Gong got hurt
[Minhyuk's faint sigh]
Because I have to guard the secretary's office
yes
- (Minhyuk) Go. - (Bongsoon) Go in.
(Minhyuk) Yeah [lively music]
(Bong-soon) Oh my, I see you're really being rude and speaking informally to me.
That guy is the CEO of this company. That's ridiculous.
Ah, if you feel wronged, you have to succeed, right?
Whew
[Imitating Minhyuk] 'Okay, I'll give you a chance.'
Well, I'm really unlucky.
I can tolerate it because my salary is high, huh?
I also hear informal speech
I think it's all included in the annual salary.
Tsk, hey
It blew, sir
Why are you making me have a cockfight, huh? Tsk.
[Dogs bark in the distance] [Ominous music]
[Bong-soon's deep sigh]
[Eerie sound effect]
[Creepy sound effect]
[Tapping the keyboard]
(Bong-soon) What is a bodyguard? [mouse click sound]
[scroll down the mouse wheel]
[cell phone vibrating]
(Chinese bean)
[gentle music]
[smiles shyly]
(Bong-soon) Guk-doo
(National Head) Okay
(Bong-soon) Huh? I'll use it well. Thank you.
You're using it well? You shouldn't use it.
If possible, live a useless life
This doesn't require a permit to be carried, so it doesn't have much power.
Because I carry it around for self-defense
- Go in - Huh? Going out already? [Phone vibrating]
It's late, hurry up and go
Oh, hey, Gukdu, is everything going well with your girlfriend?
Hey, Heeji
Oh, are you done with practice?
- (Bong-soon) Hee-ji... - (Gook-doo) What about food?
(Gukdu) I'm going in now.
(Bongsoon) Go, go
- (Gukdoo) Hey - (Bongsoon) Gukdoo, go, go
(Bong-soon) Uh...
(Bong-soon) Okay, bye. Okay, I'll use this well.
[A train whistle is heard]
[A dog barks in the distance]
[ominous music]
[Eerie sound effect]
[Cat crying] (Woman 3) Mom! Ah...
[Spooky sound effects] [Urgent music]
[Eerie sound effect]
[Woman 3's scream]
[screams mixed with tears]
[A siren wails]
[tensing music] [camera shutter sound]
[Radio reception sound] (Police officer 2) Yes, the situation is over.
(Team Leader Yuk) Hey, pay attention! [Clap your hands]
(Team Leader Yuk) I heard there was a murder case in the area while I was on duty at Team 2 last night.
(Together) Yes?
(Nockboy) Uh, a murder case?
No, where?
(Team Leader Yuk) [Loudly] Ah, Dobong-dong!
(Polar Bear) What the heck, all of a sudden?
- (Jin) Look at the blood, the blood. - (Jaesun's mother) Oh my!
(Jin) Oh my, what the heck is going on?
There hasn't been an accident in this neighborhood
(Myeongsu Mo) That's right
(Jaesun's mother) No, what should I do? Where are you going?
(Myeongsu's mother) Just stay still
(Resident) Oh my god, what should I do?
(Jaesun's mother) Myeongsu's mother, come here.
(Jaesun's mother) Myeongsu's mother!
(Jin) [gasps in surprise] He's dead, he's dead?
[Eerie music plays]
[Bong-soon's surprised gasp]
(Minhyuk) Didn't I tell you that there are enemies everywhere?
(Bong-soon) Oh, that's surprising.
What is this?
Well, what could it be?
That's one of the reasons I hired you.
(Minhyuk) For those in the IT industry, threats are also digital.
- (Minhyuk) Is it fun? - (Bongsoon) Wow
[Elegant music flows out]
I have been being followed and threatened for some time now.
To whom?
I don't know, if I knew I would have caught it
Then report it to the police.
I hate the police, I don't trust them
I'll catch it
- Help me. - Yes?
You liked games, right?
(Minhyuk) Why, it's thrilling
Let's catch it, like a game
It's fun
[Minhyuk coughs in vain]
You wanted to do game planning and development? Try it.
We are the winners no matter what
Are you kidding me?
Hey, life is a game, the game is life.
There's nothing serious [picks up fork]
(Minhyuk) What do you think? Don't kill me.
If you catch that kid, you'll be hired as a full-time employee in our company's planning and development team.
And how about I develop your plan, Cole?
(Anchor on TV) Last night around midnight at the Cheongun intersection in Dobong-dong
(Bongsoon) Call
(Anchor on TV) A murder has occurred.
The murdered woman was a single woman in her thirties [Meaningful Music]
I feel even more sad because my wedding is coming up in two months.
(Anchor on TV) There are currently no witnesses.
There is no evidence that could be a clue, such as CCTV or black box, around here.
Police say they are having difficulty with the initial investigation
The victim, Ms. Jeong, was a woman who worked in the inspection team of a nearby large bookstore. [Cell phone vibrating sound]
(Anchor on TV) After finishing overtime work that day, I went home as usual...
[Remote control operation sound] [Mobile phone vibration sound]
(Threatener) [in distorted voice] Don't ignore my warning.
Looking forward to what happens next
[tensing music]
[Ending song]
(Minhyuk) Someone must be watching you and me from somewhere.
(Minhyuk) Oh, you never know, there might be explosives?
(Bong-soon) Are you telling me to die?
(Minhyuk) Then I die?
(Jin) Where is the crazy rich guy?
[Whinning] Let's sleep together at my house
How is it?
(Jin) I love it, I love it
(Minhyuk) Do you like that cop? He's totally my type.
(Bongsoon) I'm gay
It's okay, there's no such flawless man these days.
(Myeongsu's mother) The woman got hurt again.
[Woman 4's scream]
(Woman 4) Excuse me, please save me.
(Bear) Where the hell are you crawling in here?
(National Head) The culprit has appeared. The ward must be closed.
(Bong-soon) I heard the criminal's voice.
(Gukdu) I've been out of the scene
That bastard came in a few minutes
(Minhyuk) Call 119, quickly!
(Guk-doo) That kid saw Bong-soon's face.
(Bong-soon) Even if you have strength, it's of no use in a situation like this.
Bongsoon, stay with me today
(Gookdoo) My friend Dobongsoon is a powerless woman.
(Gukdu) Let's go out
(Minhyuk) Leave it here
Subtitle: An Pyeong-sik
[theme song]